Oh, Lily, I heard this great joke at work
today.
Dude, come on, she's not going to like it.
It's boy funny,
it's not girl funny.
That is sexist. Funny is funny,
Ted.
Lily's cool, she'll appreciate this.
Oh, you're on your own, man.
Just tell me the joke.
Okay, ready?
Lily, what's the difference...
Between peanut butter and jam.
See, it's funny.
It's boy funny.
She's not gonna like it.
Why don't you let me decide?
What's the difference between peanut
butter and jam?
And then Barney said the punchline.
To this day,
it's still the dirtiest joke I've ever
heard in my life.
And no, I'm not gonna say it.
Yeah, I can't hang out with you anymore.
Funny joke.
Told you.
She'll be back.
And we didn't see Lily for four weeks.
Kids, after getting laid off,
I was finally pursuing my lifelong dream.
Starting my own architecture firm.
All I needed was some clients.
I think it's so great that you're striking
out on your own, Ted.
I admire that.
Thanks.
And thanks for being so cool with me using
the apartment.
Oh yeah, of course, anything you need.
Hey, small thing,
do you mind not watching television during
business hours?
This isn't working.
I'm sorry,
it's just I can't concentrate while Wheel
of Fortune is a penny saved is a penny
Marshall. Yes!
I know you're nervous, but you've got to
stop procrastinating. You've spent the
last two days choosing the official pen of
Mosbius Designs.
Hey,
I've made some progress,
huh?
I've eliminated felt-tip.
Who am I kidding?
Felt's back in the ball game.
You think there's gonna be more layoffs?
I know, I'm freaking out.
Are you worried?
Are you kidding?
The things I know about this company,
I won't ever be fired.
I mean there's a pretty good chance one
day I'll wash up on shore with no
fingerprints or teeth,
but I won't be fired.
Well, I wish I had your confidence.
Look you just need a way to make yourself
absolutely essential.
Well, I work harder than anyone in my
division.
Keeping your job has nothing to do with
hard work.
You need a thing.
What do you mean a thing?
You know, something that makes you fun and
well-liked like Marcus Dunasco.
Marcus Dinesco worked in account services
and was perhaps the most expendable
employee at the company.
I brought some donuts.
They're probably stupid.
But eventually he came to be known as
Who wants a pulled pork?
Of course you do! Come on!
I love Food Guy. They could never lay him
off.
You know what I love about Food Guy?
He always has
He always
food.
has food.
See?
That's what you need. You need that thing.
It makes you a guy.
Oh I have that thing that makes me a guy,
maybe even a guy and a half.
Not that thing, you know our thing like
toy guy.
Guys, bad news.
As your H.R. rep I got to review the new
overtime scheduling policy with you.
The good news is we're going to do it
while wearing wolverine claws.
Like YouTube clip guy.
Relax. I do need a thing.
But choose wisely.
You don't want to be creepy back rub guy.
And don't fill up. Food guy's got panna
cotta in his office.
Hey, buddy.
Douglas,
Wow, you're so tight.
Relax,
about two seconds ago.
Hi, welcome to Mosbius Designs.
Who the hell are you?
I'm PJ,
Mr.
Mosbius' assistant.
Ted, what the hell
I'm
is going
sorry,
on?
we do not interrupt Mr. Moseby during his
brainstorming hour.
It's okay,
PJ.
That's Robin.
She lives here.
as an assistant to help him not do
anything.
Hey,
P.J.'s been a huge help to me. Setting up
the office, designing the website,
and in return,
I'm mentoring a bright young mind.
Ah yes,
the mentoring.
I want you to go outside today and simply
put your hands on buildings.
Ready?
Feel the concrete pulse.
Listen.
Listen to the stories the stones are
telling you.
I pick up my dry cleaning.
I will.
Thank you so much, Mr. Mosby.
Hey, Ted,
this table just told me you're a douche.
This whole mentoring thing is just another
way to procrastinate from actually calling
clients.
I'm not procrastinating.
I just,
I want everything to be perfect, okay?
I only get one shot at this.
Fine, but PJ is not helping.
If Ted says that PJ is important to the
company,
then PJ is not going anywhere.
See?
He's very valuable.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
PJ's a guy?
PJ's not some hot chick you're banging?
No, I'm mentoring him.
I have mentored a young fellow once.
Even made him my wingman. Then,
one day he hired an assistant to work ten
feet from his bedroom. Who,
get this,
isn't a hot chick.
Proving he never listened to a word I
said.
And do you know that young man's name?
Ted Mosby?
Hmm.
Maybe.
I don't remember.
Because he is dead to me!
PJ's going to be getting a very confusing
card in the mail, along with a garment
that he should by no means wear for three
days and then mail back to me.
Hey, Barney, I thought of a thing to make
me more essential here.
I'm Eco Guy,
because everybody loves a guy who
recycles, right?
Fired. What else you got?
Thought of a few others.
Wacky Tie Guy,
fired.
Daily fun fact guy.
Did you know that you're fired?
I know a good stretch for that guy.
Downward facing fired.
Monty Python guy?
We all that I to say,
you're fired.
Wait, wait.
I did used to run a fantasy baseball
league back in law school.
That's not bad.
You might be on to something.
Awesome.
Huh.
Awesome,
I'll be fantasy guy.
Eh, we'll have to make you sports guy.
We already have a fantasy guy.
What's up, bros?
Hey, friend.
Hello?
Ah, hey,
PJ.
Where are you? You're never late.
You're on top of the Empire State
Building.
Listen to the old gal,
she's got some stories to tell.
Take all the time you need.
Okay.
Wait a second,
Ted Mosby home?
I was coming from inside the house.
That's not the Empire State Building.
Robin,
you cannot sleep with my assistant.
I'm trying to run a business here.
How did this even happen?
Well, at lunch, when you go on your wisdom
walks,
it gives me and PJ some time alone
together.
Inspiration? Do your thing.
It always does, sir.
It always does.
Hey, PJ,
I actually have an architectural question
for you.
How does Ted's ass taste?
I wouldn't know,
but I assume it tastes like genius.
Visitors need to sign in for the bathroom
key.
Listen,
Peach,
and I want you to think this over real
good before you answer. Are you telling me
that I can't go to the bathroom in my
apartment?
No, I am telling you that you need to ask
permission to use the bathroom in my
office.
Why is that so hot?
Jordan,
there are billions of guys in the world.
Why do you have to sleep with my
assistant?
Ted,
when I get off work,
it's 5.30.
30 in the morning. Do you have any idea
what kind of guys I'm meeting?
Add the liver newspapers. It's a dirty
job, but somebody's got to do it.
Don't worry,
I'll wash them before I handle your
business.
I live with my mom at night. We watch TV
in her bed.
We call it cuddle club.
So you uh get up really early to trade on
the European stock exchanges.
What's that like?
Look, is this going to happen or not?
First of all, I've hung out with Fantasy
Guy.
You could do a lot worse. Secondly,
this has to stop.
Distracting PJ is going to kill our
productivity.
What productivity? You haven't even called
a single client.
Hey, once I get the website up, the
brochure's printed,
and figure out what trust games we're
going to play at the corporate retreat,
I am making those calls.
Corporate retreat?
Mr.
Mosby and I are going camping on the roof.
Hey, sports guy.
Hear people are raving about your leave.
It's a lot harder than I thought it would
be. Between entry fees and transaction
fees and penalty fees,
I'm actually holding on to a lot of money.
Great work, sports guy.
That's for last week.
Sixty, eighty,
a hundred.
Okay.
This is eighteen thousand dollars cash.
It's not a big deal.
I'll just, uh, take it home and put it
somewhere safe.
Okay, just walking down the street with
some money in my pocket.
Don't touch the money. It's so obvious.
Just be cool.
Oh no,
the baby's on to me.
Babies can smell money. Everyone knows
that.
I'm carrying a lot of money.
Seriously, dude, I'm not sure how much
longer I can keep doing this.
Marshall,
last week you were trash that no one
wanted to look at.
Now you're sports guy.
I was trash?
Last week.
Hey, there's Ted Mosby of Mosbyist
Designs. How's the home office coming,
buddy?
Well, it was going great until Robin
started banging my assistants.
Ted, it's our apartment,
okay?
You leave a big chocolate cake on the
counter,
Mama's gonna cut her off a slice.
I told you, hire a cute assistant that you
can sleep with, but instead you hire a
cute assistant that Robin can sleep with,
and of course he's gonna sleep with her.
Ted, look at her, she's the greatest woman
on the planet. I'm getting off topic,
you're an idiot.
That's my message, you're an idiot.
No, one person storming off isn't enough.
Marshall, storm off with me.
This upset about Ted not having sex with
the people he hires.
Because it hurts.
It hurts you how?
It hurts because I love Ted.
Having sex with women.
And a very dedicated wingman.
Look, Lily's the only person that I can
talk to about this stuff. Just get her to
talk to me.
I'll try,
but look,
there's no guarantee she's still really
outraged about that joke.
Joke. Torn a little group apart.
Pitted people I love against each other.
Seriously, I wish I wish that joke had
never come into our lives.
Kind of funny though, that's a funny joke.
Hey, good news, P.J.
Referee's redesign just came in. Really
interesting choice for the cover.
I like how instead of one of my designs,
you chose this.
I must have sent in the wrong photo.
You think?
Look, PJ,
the website's still not done.
You didn't even show up to the corporate
retreat,
by the way.
I saw a shooting star.
And you're late every day.
I'm sorry,
PJ,
I gotta get focused.
You're fired.
You can't fire PJ.
Fine.
Hey, baby,
I just got fired.
I'll wait for you at your place. Okay,
bye.
Oh, real a fortune.
I love having all this free time to spend
with you.
I'm gonna kiss you here and here and here
and here.
Oh!
Oh, what's
Please stop.
more?
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
I'll miss you.
I'll miss you too!
You're already sick of him, aren't you?
He's driving me crazy.
When PJ had a job he was sexy. He was
guardian of the bathroom key.
A hot guy telling you when you can and
can't pee.
That's the dream.
That's the dream?
The dream?
Like what Martin Luther King was talking
about?
I have to end it, don't I?
I'm terrible at breakups.
I still have to go a little bit, but I
couldn't be away from you one second
longer.
Listen,
uh... Dude,
I don't know.
What?
Yeah, it's just... it's not really...
Ixnay, you know?
On what?
You're not feeling it?
not feeling what
But friends and stuff?
oh my god this is the worst breakup ever
you're breaking up with me?
Oh,
if that's what you want,
I totally understand.
hey,
you still haven't activated that shortstop
the Mariners just brought up gotta have it
see sports guy people love you I can't be
sports guy anymore okay it's killing me I
keep getting these constant texts
Certain emails and phone calls in the
middle of the night.
Sometimes I even think that I'm being
followed.
Hey, buddy.
I need you to push that tray through so I
can set my new line up.
Wow,
you really carry it in your shoulders,
don't you?
No, seriously,
it's over.
Do you want me to stop?
With Robin and P.J.
broken up, I was free to make some
staffing changes in the office.
Hi. Welcome to Mosby's Designs.
You've got to be kidding me.
And now that PJ was back at work,
you've got to be kidding me.
So apparently Robin and PJ are an item
again.
You've got to be kidding me.
You all right?
Okay, since Lily's not talking to me,
there's something that I have to tell you.
And this isn't easy to say, all right?
I'm wait for it in wait for it love wait
for it with wait for it
a wait for it certain
wait for I it Lily
know that you're in love with Robin.
told me she told you great I bet you guys
have been laughing at me behind my back
the whole
Actually in a weird way we both think
you're you're kind of perfect for each
other
You do?
Yeah, matter of fact we even try to sit on
the same side of the booth so you two will
have to sit together
Really?
That's so sweet.
But let's be clear.
I don't love her,
okay?
I just miss her when she's not around, I
think about her all the time and I imagine
us one day running towards each other in
slow motion and I'm wearing a brown suede
vest.
You ever going to tell her how you feel?
No. Maybe never.
I don't know. Look,
I just need to get that P.J. idiot away
from her. If Lily were here,
she'd know exactly how to get rid of him.
Maybe I can help.
Marshall,
you're no Lily.
Lily is a diabolical puppet master,
subtly manipulating every situation to get
exactly what she wants.
She's pure evil,
Marshall.
You got a good one there.
Hang on to her.
Meanwhile, my bizarre tug of war with
Robin over PJ continued.
Hey, PJ.
It's about to go on my wisdom walk.
You want to join me?
Hey, PJ.
I took the bathroom queue without asking.
What are you going to do about it?
Look, you guys are both great, but truth
is I'm taking another job.
These are for you.
Robin, I hope this letter offers some
closure.
Ted,
I'm really going to miss you.
You can't trade Manny Ramirez for two
middle relievers!
If you veto that trade,
I am out of the league.
Okay, okay,
I'll figure it out.
Hire the kid to be a paralegal.
He gets to do all the work and you still
get to be sports guy.
Pure evil,
Erickson, pure evil.
Excuse me?
There's this famous architecture story
about an architect who designed this
library.
It was perfect. But every year the whole
thing would sink a couple inches into the
ground.
Eventually the building was condemned.
He forgot to account for the weight of the
books.
This company is just me.
First of all, nobody goes to libraries
anymore, so who cares about that guy?
Secondly, you you need to get on the phone
and start calling clients
The longer I put off starting my own firm
the longer it can remain a dream and not
something I screwed up at I mean it's like
I'm giving up before I even started
You want to talk about giving up? I used
to describe my ideal guy as funny smart
Passionate, challenging, and now
apparently I will settle for in my
apartment.
Ben, didn't you think you'd have it all
more figured out by now?
Are you kidding?
By 30 I was going to be annoyingly
successful,
married to the perfect woman,
maybe a kid on the way.
Instead I'm just some guy sitting in his
apartment having a staring contest with
his phone and losing.
Hey.
You can take that thing.
Hi, this is Ted Mosby of Mosbius Designs.
I'm calling to inquire about any design
needs you may have now or in the future.
That sounds great, buddy.
Really? I sound confident?
Yep. Now call an actual client.
Great.
Who's that guy?
He doesn't work here. I think we should
leave the building.
Really?
This has happened before.